Series Based	Q1. Write a java program to print N natural numbers.
Series Based	Q2. Write a java program to print whole numbers till N.
Series Based	Q3. Write a java program to print odd numbers till N.
Series Based	Q4. Write a java program to print even numbers till N.
Series Based	Q5. Write a java program to print N natural numbers in reverse.
Series Based	Q6. Write a java program to calculate sum of first N natural numbers.
Series Based	Q7. Write a java program to print N odd numbers.
Series Based	Q8. Write a java program to print N even numbers.
Series Based	Q9. Write a java program to calculate sum of even and odd numbers till N.
Series Based	Q10. Write a java program to calculate sum of N given numbers.
Series Based	Q11. Write a java program to print "Hello World" for N times.
Series Based	Q12. Write a java program to print multiplication table of N.
Series Based	Q13. Write a java program to calculate sum of multiple positive numbers (Stop if user enters negative number).
Series Based	Q14. Write a java program to calculate sum of N positive numbers (Skip the negative number and get another input instead).
Series Based	Q15. Write a java program to print all prime numbers from 1 to N.
Series Based	Q16. Write a java program to print the first N prime numbers.
Series Based	Q17. Write a java program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to N.
Series Based	Q18. Write a java program to print all Strong numbers between 1 to N.
Series Based	Q19. Write a java program to print all Perfect numbers between 1 to N.
Series Based	Q20. Write a java program to print Fibonacci series up to N terms.
Series Based	Q21. Write a java program to print Fibonacci series up to a given number limit.
Series Based	Q22. Write a java program to print all Buzz numbers between 1 to N.
Series Based	Q23. Write a java program to print all Magic numbers between 1 to N.
Series Based	Q24. Write a java program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are power of 2.
Series Based	Q25. Write a java program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are perfect squares.
Series Based	Q26. Write a java program to print all numbers between 1 to N which are perfect cubes.
